spu-miRDeep2-5317 uguuacagugccgacgucaagc 
spu-miRDeep2-26201 acuguuuucuauuggugcaua
spu-miRDeep2-30364 agggcgaggcuuguguaauccu
spu-miRDeep2-35240 aggucguggugagugcaauguu
spu-miR-31 agcugugucuucauacugccauu
spu-miR-2012 auguucaucuguccguacugcc
spu-miR-1 acauacuucuuuagaauuccaua
spu-miR-184 ccuuaucauucucuugcccggcc
spu-miR-71 ucucacuauucuguuuuucccc 
spu-miR-219 agaacuguguacggacaucagu
spu-miR-2007 accuguugcuaccugaaauuaau 
spu-miR-92a aggucgugacucgugcccaauauu
spu-miR-252b ccuguacacggcuacuuacau
spu-miR-2011 cagucacuaccacaccuucggug
spu-miR-2001 uccaguauagcggugacaauga
spu-miR-92c uggucgugaggaguugcaauuug
spu-miR-242 ugugcaucucauccacguaaau
spu-miR-92b aagucggaccgagcgcaauguu
spu-miR-34 accagcuugcugcagggcccca
spu-miR-2009 gguuuuuguggaacagcuccug
spu-miR-2008 aucagccucgcugucaauacga
spu-miR-182 gugguucucucauugccaagcc
spu-miR-2002 aagaccaacagguguuauucuca
spu-miR-125 acagguugguaucucaggaauu
spu-miR-7 aaaaaaucacugucggccacug
spu-miR-2013 cgccgcuacaucuaguugcauu
spu-miR-96 aagauauguuugugccaagcca
spu-miR-10 cagauucguaucucuggguaac
spu-miR-183 gcugguucuacagugccauugca
spu-miR-124 aguguucacugugauccuugau
spu-miR-200 uaauacugucuggugaugauguu
spu-miR-9 auaaagcuagguuaccaaagaua
spu-miR-33 uagugcaagaacagugcaauau
spu-miR-137 agguauucucgagugaauaaua
spu-miR-375 gcacgagcucaacgugcaaaac
spu-miR-2003 acagguuaugcccuuuggguag
spu-let-7 cuauacagccugcuagcuuucc
spu-miR-153 ucauuuuuguguuuaugcaacu
spu-miR-2004 cuuucuguggcugucguguuaag
spu-miR-210 uugcugucacgcggcacaagag
spu-miR-2010 gggcugguuucuccaguaauu
spu-miR-137 gggucacucaccgcuggaca
spu-miR-2013 accauuccaaccagccggcauc
spu-miR-92b agcaacguaagggcauucuuauu
